everybody welcome back to her online
please abiding by scattereth plus a tome
all you got them yell for me buddy
oh you just realize that the office door
is closed no longer desires to be in
this place of residence anyway we're
doing well here today we've been having
some good runs we've been having some
fun runs I mean that's really for you to
decide as opposed sure we'll smell the
watch battery I'm not above that we got
good damage mmm
below average speed and rate of fire
mom's purse with trinkets melter it's
like synergistic because they both have
the word trinket in their descriptions
but beyond that I don't think mom's
person trinkets melter have any synergy
whatsoever however if one day we decided
to drop trinkets melter you know what
give it a shot
that was definitely a bad decision we
should have waited I mean this room even
would have been better but if we ever
decide to drop cranking smelter will be
happy to have mom's purse possibly
because mom's purse will allow us to
hold two trinkets but there's a lose any
advantage to smelting two trinkets in
the first place so Isaac's been fun
lately I've been playing a little looser
you know our streak has ended and I've
got no real tie to the rat-race
as far as Isaac goes we're a long way
away from getting the 200 streak so I'm
not really sweating performance lately
I'm just trying to have fun runs and I
hope that that's been manifesting itself
well in the commentary speaking of which
Josh brought up something very useful to
me today useful from a comedy standpoint
at least and the bit built itself very
easily it's called the curious case of
the trouble with having friends who are
actually smart Josh comes to me today
and he says hey why is it that bats get
their own name for bat feces
you know guano whereas like no other
animal gets its own animal specific name
for for poop and I said you know what
Josh that's a good bit what if we just
started calling you know other animals
droppings guano you think people would
be mad at us you think
they'd be like what's this guy putting
on airs for you know I'm sorry I had to
clean up some cat guano they'd be like
what did this guy go to Chile once in
his whole life and now he's calling
everything guano and one of our friends
who is like a freakin wastewater
treatment
engineer slash systems designer came in
and was like well in 100 has its own
name because actually phosphorus was not
highly biologically available during uh
the historical record and as a result it
was a very important part of agriculture
especially in African in South American
the shut up mic not Mike Fox if
different skill set specialization
although you know if you get him talking
about kilowatt hours you're getting the
same thing see Josh and I just want to
we just want a BS and then we have the
ultimate straight man comes in you know
who will actually uh bioavailable
kilocalories in the water only
previously became apparent to us because
they were stored in phytoplankton come
on dude I'm trying to construct a bit
here doesn't work it's cool though I'm
in a way I'm envious because well I'm
not envious necessarily because that's
the turbo the turbo nerd but um I'm
envious because of that passion for your
for your discipline you know it does
happen to me though like sometimes we'll
be in Austin's chat and someone will ask
me cool she's question about coding and
I'll be like I'll answer it honestly and
then they'll be like I had a nerd I was
just trying to prove that you're a nerd
and I'm like you know what the sticks
and stones may break my bones mister but
words will never hurt me unless of
course you try to dereference a null
pointer in which case you'll get a seg
faulted well not a null pointer but it'd
be initialize point see I'm doing it
right now
the point is it's actually really cool I
guess to be a passionate about what
you're into but it's comedy poison
unless you can spin it out and make it a
little bit more accessible I guess but
it's true I mean I don't understand why
guano specifically gets whale it's good
for ever since we had this guano
specific apparently guano is not just
for bats
it's also for seabirds which is my
favorite skin in song cuz I miss sea as
a bird babe then this bird lives in the
sea yeah what's better than being an
expert if you know what I mean
yeah that's right a guano bird yeah well
one day there's going to be a callback
punchline that actually works there but
I don't think today's the day you know
what take that we don't if you want it
let me tell you this straight up if you
want the most nitpicky thing to ever
nitpick me about technically we should
not use trinket smelter until we're
holding two trinkets and I'm being
sincere when I say that this is actually
the bar none the most pedantic thing you
could ever criticize my play for and
still be right because oh what if two
trinkets drop on the next room well we
got these battery charges yeah but what
if two trinkets fall on the room after
that you get your you're right and I
hate it it's it's absolutely not words
it's the kind of thing we're like you
know I don't know have you it's
needlessly protective because the odds
of it going bad are near zero but it's
still smart to do like I don't know how
many of you guys are in a country where
you had to take in class driving lessons
like the way that it worked in the in
the province that I grew up in in Canada
was you have three stages to your
license first you take a written test if
you get above a certain level on the
written test then you can be behind the
wheel of a car with a passenger who has
had their license for more than five
years so it's basically going to take
them both it's basically their way of
saying like okay you know the rules of
the road get the heck out of here you
can read the signs even if the sign said
long haired hippie people need not apply
anyway
that's another bit for another day
perhaps but uh and then so after a year
of having that I believe he was a year
at least you can get what's called you
don't I was a terrible dodge we got
lucky you can get what's called your g2
the g2 is your learner's permit well
it's like as intermediate driving
license that basically says hey you know
you have your driver's license you can
drive by yourself but like you can't
have more than three people in your car
you can't more than three people in your
car that don't have a full license
anyway or something like that you can't
have any alcohol in your system you know
some rules that are basically like
pretty generous but at the same time you
don't have your full license so then the
other thing that does is give you five
years to get your full license at which
point you know even if you're a hundred
and thirty years old you get to keep
that as long as you just don't forget to
renew it every five years which seems
like a really bizarre reason to have to
retest people but anyway I digress
so moving from your intermediate license
to your full license normally takes a
one year but if you take a provincially
accredited in class series of lessons it
takes eight months or at least you can
take your I think I've got this totally
confused right now seventeen year olds
in Ontario are going you are an idiot no
it's just it's been a while but the way
it actually works is if you take in car
driving lessons then you get you get to
take your full test after eight months
but anyway the point is with all these
in-class driving lessons at the time I
was like this is really helpful and I
think it is but they teach you stuff
that take it from somebody who drives in
you know a downtown city centre a few
times a week it's not applicable for
real life you know they have you narrate
what you're supposed to be doing so
they'll like play a video and then
they'll be like okay Ryan why don't you
narrate what you do in this situation oh
well I see a a black comma Civic
approaching from behind so I check my
mirror to gauge distance and then I put
my foot over the brake to get ready to
cover it in case he comes in too fast
and then it's been six seconds since I
checked
a blind-spot so I'm going to going to
check the blind spot and then I go back
and I you know reexamine the black Honda
Civic and I memorize its license plate
number in case it commits a traffic
violation again it's actually really
good I don't take the responsibility of
driving lightly you know I consider it
like it's very important to stay stay
alert and stay safe it's a pair of
phrase words from some great Canadian
idols but that's that's not realistic in
the moment you know it's the same thing
where you know when I always learned in
in in class driving lessons I think
we're going to wait for the shop in in
class driving lessons it was like you
should always stop where you can still
see the bottom of the car in front of
you that way you're not too close I'm
here to tell you if you do that at least
I'm not saying we're drive we're better
drivers here I think we're actually a
lot worse but if you do that in downtown
Vancouver you're going to get your
freaking windshield bashed in with a
tire iron or something like that they'll
be like because you're if everybody's
seeing the car in front of yous bottom
that means there's like 15 feet per lane
that is presently being unused one dude
you know two blocks behind you on Homer
Street thought he could make the
intersection but now you know traffic's
backed up and he's stuck in the middle
but it's like a honk situation and
you're saying oh yeah but that's his
fault he shouldn't ride to make the
intersection yeah but at the same time I
didn't even look in traffic's direction
when you pass the intersection we're
gonna pop amperes here because big horn
is a disaster anyway I'm not trying to
justify unsafe driving habits rather I'm
just saying that you got to know your
surroundings but that's that's what I
mean when I say that it's a very
belaboured metaphor that required a lot
of explanation however it's basically
what we've got going on with trinkets
melter here trinkets melter is you know
young drivers of Ontario telling you
like every 10 seconds you should
maintain a 1 kilometre ring of
visibility on a 400
highway and I'm here to tell you a real
life sometimes fudge you I won't do what
you tell me
HP please dude I don't know about this
I'm a little scared actually
I'm like a lot scared I just can't I
wish I could but I just can't so we're
moving on if you are maybe you're
watching this and you you don't have
your driver's license you're you're
either too young and your driver's
license or you just haven't prioritize
it for whatever reason maybe you're
scared or anxious about driving I'm here
to tell you the most I don't like this
dude there's just there's just no
freaking hpe anywhere on this run this
has been happening so much lately
I want to get 15 cents we're not going
to get 15 cents so just take this first
and we'll see how life proceeds let's go
we got a spirit heart out of that pretty
lucky um I'm here to tell you something
very reassuring I hope which is that you
being anxious to drive is exactly the
reason I want you on the road I mean
this is I I want you to know that when I
was a when I was a kid without a kids
let's say when I was a teenager the
concept of self-driving cars did not
exist I don't think I heard the phrase
self-driving car until I was like you
know in my early 20s maybe we were we
were still stuck in that 1980s flying
cars well when is when is Chevrolet
gonna come out with a flying car but you
know maybe now these days you're like
I'm just going to wait for the
self-driving cars it might be 25 years
until they it like the public zeitgeist
but that's not that much you know all
these I'll be 40 years old not me I'll
be long dead from climate change by then
but you guys hopefully we'll still be
trucking along keeping the human race
going at which point you know maybe
self-driving cars will become a thing no
I mean it'll probably actually be the
big earthquake that eventually hits the
Pacific Northwest and wipes us out but I
don't know we'll see the point is you
become the stewards of the road at that
point but if you're anxious about
driving that's why
I want you on the road because too many
people are very cavalier dude I need HP
too many people in my opinion are far
too cavalier about driving you know I've
been driving
I mean I'm 28 now I got my license when
I was first allowed to get my license so
I've been driving for 12 years with
admittedly I didn't touch a vehicle
throughout all of university or when I
lived in Korea so although I have had my
license for 12 years I haven't really
driven for 12 years I probably driven
for like seven but I'm just here to tell
you if you're driving around downtown
Vancouver you haven't gotten a scratch
on the car you get to keep your license
that is it's like a freaking crazy taxi
video game every time but yeah you know
one of those crazy taxi video games the
point is I have not lost my my I gotta
check this I have not lost my anxiety
about driving I'd treat driving with
respect which is lame as heck I'll admit
you know and even my wife makes fun of
me for it sometimes you know should be
like you know if you drove faster we
could get there 15 seconds earlier and I
might well he should've just left 15
seconds earlier and is the constant the
source of like men are from Mars Women
are from Venus sort of situation but I
digress about that we've already gone on
enough bits about you know the
differences between late people and
early people get dusted please extremely
and dude we got I couldn't get the
spirit hard in time there we go
now we may actually live a little longer
this run is dicey man but I want more
anxious drivers like me out on the road
confident drivers will tell you that the
like anxious drivers are a real problem
I disagree with this unconfident drivers
are genuinely you know they're like
calls not even the best to be behind in
every circumstance because you're like
Johnson they seize the gap seize the gap
but
we need less people that are like every
other driver is bad but I go 30 miles an
hour over the speed limit but that's
because I'm a good driver and I've never
been in an accident and I've assured
myself that I never will be in an
accident until I get in a horrific one
that you know is lead to terrible human
cost regardless I I couldn't be more
excited for self-driving cars and I own
a car
I own a car that is sort of new as well
I am people rephrase this as me being
anti science and I disagree I'm more
like I'm trying to think of a more
flattering way to describe it I'm more
skeptical of how quick people adopt
things yeah I'm going to be honest with
you I don't see mainstream adoption you
know over 50% of the cars being
self-driving until I'm in like my
middle-age years and it whenever I'd say
that to my friends who are more
forward-facing admittedly many of them
you know work in tech or engineering and
I guess have a vested interest in this
and they may be right I mean they're the
experts basically and I'm the layperson
but they always go what about the iPod
yeah okay
well they sold like 75 million iPods in
the first year those things are $200
each there are 300 dollars each maybe
the point is they're not like $30,000
each it's a little different not to
mention driving for whatever reason is
associated with like freedom you know
the idea that you can drive your own
cards not just a means of transportation
it's also like it's an identity thing
you know nobody gets on the bus and goes
I'm a bus rider I like I'm pretty close
to that whenever I get on the on like
Vancouver's public transit I'm a little
proud if I'm not afraid for my life
based on the clientele I get on and I go
this is amazing I can't believe I'm on a
train takes me exactly where I want to
go it's like I'm in Europe or something
though we got a good item thank you
there's no way we're making boss
unless something changes pretty
drastically here but for the most part
most most people aren't as weird as I am
I guess in that department that's what
happens when you grow up in a town that
has like very little public transit I
guess anyway the point is I think it's
going to take a little while for for
mainstream adoption of that and that's
okay but I don't think if you're waiting
for it to hit the you know critical mass
so you're going to be waiting a while
but I don't know anything is this is the
secondary part of this I will buy my
hope is that you know we have a 2015
automobile my hope is that that's the
last non self-driving automobile I have
to buy but we'll see I take no pleasure
I put 100% faith in the algorithm which
sounds like the kind of thing that
people say in like a dystopian film
before things go terribly wrong but I
kind of feel like this I love dystopian
sci-fi but it's also like in some ways
ruined our perception of human ingenuity
because we there's never like a movie
where tech has made things amazing and
then we go oh that new invention uh that
looks like that thing that made
everything amazing you know we always go
from Skynet no Big Brother has never
been like hey there's a this machine
solves all diseases
I guess the auto doc from alien but of
course they don't go hey look you solved
you know
you cured cancer with the auto doc
instead they go use this auto dr.
Griffith freaking alien outside of your
body you were impregnated with against
your will so there's always a dystopian
been doing so it's all I'm saying this
is like the perfect teleportation I am
still genuinely very frightened about
our chances to succeed on this run we
have gotten a lot of utility items and
almost no items that actually like
directly improve our DPS in fact quad
shot well on a literal level probably
does improve our DPS we did get it tears
down great after picking it up which is
like a
incredible bummer because now our rate
of fire is just garbage good trinket
please I mean I don't know what store
credit does when you smelt it well uh
yeah we will only have to keep our
eternal heart as well that's crazy
might as well smelt it so our first item
should be free I think but I don't know
after that it could be a crapshoot the
Abaddonn pickup is really nice in our
rate of fire is actually much much
better now we might be able to make boss
rush but it would have to be like we'd
have to pick right right off the bed so
I'm mostly like I'm Pro human progress I
think but I'm also pretty naive for the
most part I think I'm just I'm going to
let the eggheads
sort it out as I've said on the show
many times I don't want to be like one
of the first million people to buy a
self-driving car I want to be in like
that 1 million to 10 million range maybe
or even like 10 million to a hundred
million or even on a million to a
billion that's fine by me let them work
the kinks out is the thing is like if
eventually it'll be good but it'll
always get better right like I'm really
happy that I live in an era and this is
a little not much but like a little
North American specific but I was
anxious about flying in an era where
since the first time that I've flown
till now there has not been a major
crash of a North American airline the
biggest one that I can think of at least
I mean of course there was a Malaysian
Airlines flight 370 but this mean like
within North America there has not been
an airline disaster on a major airline
in like infinity years which is ignorant
but mostly still true I think I'm going
to take toxic shock over moms knife just
for just for s's and giggles so I I just
like sort of thought about
one day and I was like you've been
flying for like four or five years at
this point
fairly frequently barely have you ever
experienced turbulence never had an
emergency landing and then beyond this
there's almost never been a disaster in
your flying lifetime so you got to
choose if you're going to continue to be
irrationally afraid of this and I just
sort of I hate when people say this but
I just sort of got over it more or less
I took a pen to our shop yet the other
thing that I could have done and it was
probably 5050 for a while which one was
going to happen was I could have said
we're do and I'm not flying again until
a bird goes down because then that means
that we're probably not expected to have
another one for quite some time
no and I embrace the fact that when I
talk about you know like these things
never crash I'm opening myself up to
some Titanic style irony if I end up
dying in a plane crash I'm flying in
like three days four days if I end up
going down in a plane crash mourn me if
you if you wish
it's like a king or something moan me if
you wish but recognize that I was aware
of the irony but I will go down I mean
screaming for my life and probably
throwing up from being in like a
negative eighty degree you know twelve
g-force loop or something like that but
also in my head be like even if I had
not said the stuff that welcomes the
ironic death uh this probably still
would have happened so I'm okay with it
you know so the life of being skeptical
I suppose I also don't think that irony
is a causal factor most of the time if
we did not go into this room we might as
well check it I'm just going to be
straight up with you this run is kind of
garbage now that we've got Abaddon and
as well take it just stack them up now
that we got Abaddon packed it's actually
like pretty good relative to where it
used to be the tears upgrade from the
pact was like insanely important and by
that I mean the MFN
Act y'all which is actually the pack but
you get the idea maybe we have been to
our shop and I just forgot I don't know
but but the whole point of this is I
continuing to just idiocy on my own part
and I embrace it the only way out of
this idiocy is to finish the episode but
you know I'm glad that I live in an era
before which aviation is quite safe
it'll probably continue to get safer but
I can't get much safer than zero crashes
you know zero crashes plus regulations
there were commercial airliners in like
the 1940s and it wasn't smart money that
you were going down but you know
probably like Oh point zero one percent
of them well maybe even less like point
zero zero one percent of flights did
crash that's a one in 10,000 shot you
feel pretty safe but at the same time it
happened all the time so that's where I
want to be with self-driving cars I want
to be at the part where we're at right
now where there's you know thirty
thousand flights a day in North America
and like maybe one incident and no
crashes and this is I got to be careful
with these Matt I got to be careful with
these episodes because I always go like
occasionally just through the law of
large numbers you talk about something
like that and then something terrible
happens and you go oh well that episodes
going to be awkward when it comes out
just know that that is not the it's not
my intention if there is an air disaster
this week I'm not recording this after
the air disaster and going like this'll
be funny I'm generally endeavor to
provide a pleasant environment for these
episodes although you know it they will
raise your blood pressure if you have
watched 3,000 episodes and expect
perfect play which is I think a fairly
reasonable concern or request I don't
believe that anybody feels the way I do
about you okay well they do something
sorry this guy who's going to be close
this is the way it's got to go
see ya next Tuesday
Skype see you next to that's just an
expression I don't know if that's
actually an expression but I'm going to
say it's an expression see you next
Tuesday
there's definitely I'll plug it Tuesday
for a hamburger today but I don't even
know what that's from I need your keys I
need your charity anymore okay
I just want I can't believe that with a
deal with the devil guarantee on every
single floor this is what we've managed
to create on this run now oh that mouse
point has probably been up there like
the whole time um well since you know
recently when I told Skype I'd see you
next Tuesday um it's a long-distance
situation here we had a shop on the womb
thanks to silver dollar oh good
either way still not bad
I can't believe that for all these deals
with the devil that we have gotten here
we still remain at seven point zero two
damage twenty-two rate of fire look
you're going to be like NL extremely
intellectual voice 22 divided by four is
like five point five so your damage or
your tear rate is actually like roughly
proportionally at the tear cap but it
isn't because not all of the we're not
shooting four shots in a straight line
with quad shot we're shooting four shots
in like a spread which makes it less
valuable than having four shots in a
straight line it's still not bad I would
suggest but 22 rate of fire is fine but
it could be better is the long and
belabored point I'm trying to make here
dude we continue to just get like not
very good items here
I didn't know there were this many not
that amazing deal with devil items oh
there we go now they're worth 20 okay
now that's exactly where we want to be
of course I was super excited to have
this on sous room and then we have
gotten a curse that makes it uh
applicable you know we should have done
on the last floor is I use that for room
to reroll our deal with the devils into
something that hopefully would have been
a little bit more useful but I didn't
even think about that is admittedly is
bad play I should pay more attention to
the interstitial stuff like that the
other problem is though that like
sometimes this run despite not being
great is is almost unusable
you know we're relatively tanky our
damage is good enough and we've got
other like utility factors that are
working out well for us so the odds of
us losing this run are extremely low so
it's hard to get worried about the stuff
that is small like reroll in a deal with
the devil in in this one unique situated
why I smelled the trinket double on Zeus
I will take and that's my own personal
fault because you should take care of
the pennies even though I think that
expression you know take care of the
pennies of the pan take care of
themselves is idiotic
it's also you the real expression should
we take care of the pennies because why
the heck not give me the gods please the
gas please that's a wise no thank you
take care of the pennies because their
pennies they're worth something that's a
much better phrase I wanted to see tears
upgrades if they were here to tears down
grades not that interested so yeah we
should be taking care of our pennies but
sometimes you know there's got to be
another expression that's like hey mr.
Bill Gates if you got a million pennies
in your bank account ah let's leave a
one on the ground now we're getting into
dueling idioms they detained and and and
and and a home that that bit will never
work requires way too much mental
processing power
pitch rhyming
thinking of idioms it's hard to think of
idioms on the fly don't wanna be an
American idiom dududu dudududududududu
you know what they say the 90s a kiss
before that on doo doo doo doo
not true by the way except on a very
broad level it actually gets
consistently brighter until dawn after
the darkest point in the night not
trying to like rain on your parade or
anything just the same just a patently
untrue statement there was a register
that saw recently it was like what what
expression do you hate and then there
were some that I wish I could remember
them which would make this anecdote not
worthless but like yeah you know you got
a good point there what doesn't kill you
makes you stronger I underwent the
message of what doesn't kill you makes
you stronger but it is actually stupid
many things that don't kill you make you
much weaker what if you know you're
freaking ACL gets torn what doesn't kill
you makes you stronger
hey keep a weight on your leg for like
you know three months I don't feel much
stronger
oh but NL it's some it makes you
stronger mentally because you've been
through it and know that you can survive
yeah but that's just give me a mental
strength test against someone who just
tore their ACL it what doesn't kill you
makes you stronger you should be able to
prove it but I guess in the end I'm
being pedantic it's just something to
make you feel better so maybe I'm maybe
I'm overthinking it maybe I'm under
thinking it maybe she's born with it
maybe it's mabeline that's how it goes I
still I look through that thread for
take care of the pennies and the pounds
take care of themselves and I that is
actually my least favorite idiom because
it promotes genuine financial stupidity
the idea being hey what's the subtext
being if I skip having a coffee a day it
doesn't matter about my big purchases
but
like I used to get one coffee a day at
the gas station but now that I'm saving
that $1 a day
I don't feel bad about the fact that I
just purchased you know a brand new
Mustang it's not the pounds do not take
care of themselves in any circumstance
there were people who go to school to
learn how to take care of the pounds sad
bombs is great with 49 bombs
euthanasia is a nice pick up here we
just got a coast to victory but it is
scarier than it had to be no doubt well
hello I've received a textual message do
we actually I mean we have seven luck so
I'm expecting some items to show up we
could die on this run okay I hope that
we will not which is quaint but
desirable
I can't read the message right now
you're torturing me again what if I told
you not only do I not like talking on a
telephone I don't like getting text
messages because text messages are how I
tell people that I love to contact me if
they need to reach me urgently because
I'm like if I get a phone call I look at
the phone call and I go if that's not
from someone I know then I don't need to
pay attention to it which is a bad habit
but honest at least for whatever that's
worth
help me so when I get a text message I'm
like dude I get mad sometimes when I
look at my phone and I have a mess again
this is like I think it's part of being
an adult
I don't well it's part of being an
anti-social adult to some extent I don't
love being contacted in ways that seem
to demand a response which is very
selfish of me I'm not going to say that
I'm in the right there I'm definitely
again I'm recognizing it as a bad habit
but I don't like to be demanded of
responsive I guess is what I'm saying so
when I get a text message I'm like this
is a rarely is it you know my best
friend being like what's up girlfriend
it's always like a job which is okay you
know sometimes it's a good job like call
your mom she gave birth to you and you
enjoy your comfort but sometimes it's a
message like hey you know bring home
bread get some brownie points with the
wife plus frictionless sandwiches that
sounds like a euphemism for intercourse
but I really just mean you know a
brand-new loaf of bread allows me to
make sandwiches very easily but
sometimes it's like hey we got a new
offer for you you can get anyway LG
smartphone for $0 down and I'm like I am
going to leave this company because I
don't appreciate having a push
notification sent to me for an
advertisement and I recognize the irony
if someone who works in the industry to
survive is basically advertising it
anyway let's leave on that troubling
note I digress
thanks
watch I hope you guys have enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
helps out a great deal and of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time